So without further ado, we're going to head right
into some of the content today, and I'd love to welcome
Megan onto the screen here. And Megan, I understand that you
have some particular insights and experience from being at
the SEC with what the comment letter process looks like. So
would you be able to share with the audience kind of what
happens? And what they can expect going through the review
program. Meagan Van Orden: Absolutely. And like you said,
we wanted to take this opportunity to remind folks about
that review process that the Division of Corporation Finance
or Court Finn goes through. So as part of the review
process, the division seeks to ensure that investors are
provided with material information in order to make informed
investment in voting decisions, both when a company
initially offers its securities to the public, but then on
an ongoing basis as it continues to give information to the
marketplace. Court Finn selectively reviews filings made
under the Securities Act of 1933 and also the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 as required by Sarbanes-Oxley of 2002.
The division undertakes some level of review for each
reporting company at least once every three years, and to be
honest, it reviews a significant number of companies more
frequently. In addition, this division selectively reviews
transactional filings and so there are three different
scopes of. That the corporate may perform a full cover to
cover review, in which the staff will examine the entire
filing, a financial statement review in which the staff will
examine the financial statements and related disclosures,
and a targeted issue review in which the staff will examine
a filing for one or more specific items of disclosure. And
as a result of the staff's review, regardless of the scope,
they may provide a company with comments where the staff
believes it can significantly enhance its compliance with
the. Requirements. So through that comment letter process I
mentioned, the staff may request that a company provide
supplemental information to help the staff better understand
the company's disclosures, revise the disclosures or provide
additional disclosures in a document that's on file with the
SEC or provide additional or different disclosures in a
future filing with the SEC. A company generally responds to
each comment in a letter to the staff and, if appropriate,
amends its filings. A company's explanation or analysis of
an issue will often resolve a comment. However, that said,
depending on the nature of the issue and the companies
response, the staff may issue additional comments following
its review of the companies response and related amendments.
When a company has resolved all of the Division's comments
on a Securities Act registration, the company may ask the
Commission to declare the registration statement effective.
And when a company has resolved all of the division's
comments on an Exchange Act filing, the division provides
the company with a letter to confirm that its review has
been complete. And as Tim already mentioned, comment
letters and company responses are now made public on Edgar
20 business days after the filing review is completed. So
with this background, I think it's worth highlighting that
in fiscal year 2022, the division reported to having over
400 professionals, 70% of which were dedicated to disclosure
review. Director Gerding also reported that during the same
time frame, the division reviewed approximately 3300
companies as part of its annual. Program and if you tuned in
last year, and I hope you did, you'll remember we presented
specific metrics on the volume of comment letters in
previous calendar years. In terms of volume, as you see
staff comment letters issued to registrants in the calendar
year 2023 was consistent with the volume we saw in 2022.
However, it's worth reminding you all that the number of
comments in 2022 was significantly higher than each of the
previous four years. For context, there were roughly 3000
letters in 2023 calendar year. The number of registrants
receiving letters, however, has remained consistent with
last year, as well as the number of conversations or excuse
me, letters in the conversations. A conversation is a set of
letters from the SEC staff to a registrar and then from the
registrant back to the SEC staff with its response during a
single filing review process. The number of conversations in
2023 also remained consistent with 2022. And so now that
we've had a refresher on the filing review process, if we
move to the next slide, I want to take a moment to discuss
some reminders. When you're going through a comment review
process of your own or as you're drafting your disclosures
for the current year, the key things to remember are that
first comment letters and the initial letter are often just
the beginning of a conversation with the staff. Comment
letters are based on a registrant facts and circumstances.
And the review of your disclosures should be dynamic.
These reminders may be familiar to you, but they're worth
repeating. And so it's important, as I said, that you're
thinking about the SEC comment as the start of a
conversation with the staff. They may not and actually
likely don't have the same level of information that you do
about your company or a transaction. And frequently we see
comments that are just coming down to requesting more
information for an understanding to understand what's
happening. And sometimes the staff don't appreciate that the
information they're asking about may not be material. And so
it's important that you're communicating with the staff
about these items early in the communication process. Also,
it's important during these initial steps to include all of
the related relevant parties when responding to the SEC
staff's comments. And that would include your SEC counsel,
your external auditors and others within the financial
reporting and business processes, as this will ensure that
there's a fulsome initial response to the staff's comments.
Next, as I mentioned, it's important to understand that
comments are facts and circumstances based. We see companies
frequently trying to compare themselves and their comments
to their peers and comments that may exist in the
marketplace, which is understandable. However, while it can
be helpful to compare yourself to your peers or what else
may be going on, it's often just as important to focus on
your entity and your specific facts and circumstances in
order to articulate your position to the. Half open and
honest dialogue with the staff early and often is the best
approach to dealing with comments that come your way.
Lastly, I'll remind folks that the evaluation of the
relevance of your disclosures includes evaluating which
disclosures that you have made, but also which disclosures
that haven't been made. It's important to continuously
review your filings to make sure that you're removing
disclosures that are no longer relevant, but then including
new disclosures as information may become. Overtime, we do
see comments relating to things that may no longer be
relevant as well as comments about insufficient disclosure
or areas where disclosures can be enhanced in the SEC
staff's view.